---
geometry: margin=2cm
linestretch: 1.25
header-includes:
    - \usepackage{setspace}
    - \usepackage{lineno}
    - \usepackage{lscape}
    - \hypersetup{colorlinks=true,
            urlcolor=orange,
            allbordercolors={0 0 0},
            pdfborderstyle={/S/U/W 1}}
---
## August
### No, it's not dead

[//p122]: # (https://web.archive.org/web/20151026224829/http://linuxhaters.blogspot.com/2009/08/no-its-not-dead.html)

*Posted Friday, August 28, 2009 @ 4:54 PM. 354 FLAMES*

It's just that all the new posts you want are actually in git.

Just too lazy to make a stable release.

### Suggestions box

[//p123]: # (https://web.archive.org/web/20151026223927/http://linuxhaters.blogspot.com/2009/08/suggestions-box.html)

*Posted Saturday, August 29, 2009 @ 10:28 AM. 2558 FLAMES*

I had to start using an Ubuntu box at work again, so I've got some fresh (or
refreshed?) hate to unload. Since some of you seem to think I'm doing this to be
constructively critical of Linux (you can think whatever the hell you want),
I'll write these as if I was dropping notes into a suggestions box:

**Please add a --shit-that-fucking-works flag to apt-cache search**

How many hours do I have to waste wading through the monument of shit known as
the debian package repository? I cringe to think of all the hours wasted arguing
about how to correctly package apps and libraries that just don't work to start
with. As a user, I don't care that the repository contains fuckteen different
twitter clients. Could you just tell me the three that work? Oh wait, actually,
this is open source, so could you tell me which one is th only one that kinda
works?

Not only are you distracting me with having to try shit that doesn't work, you
also are bewildering me with choices, most of which I don't care about, and most
of which I have to spend time figuring out that I don't care about.

If you haven't seen this talk on the [paradox of choice][255], go see it.

[255]: http://www.ted.com/talks/barry_schwartz_on_the_paradox_of_choice.html

Everytime I use apt, I think I experience all the negatives that this guy talks
about. 10 bazillion packages! Hurray! I don't even feel like trying to find one
anymore.

I'm sure somebody is going to point out that on Ubuntu, that's why they separate
main and universe and multiverse. Like main is supposed to be the good shit, and
the rest of it is, like, whatever. Well you know what? If I stick to just the
main repository on Ubuntu, then the whole thing sucks African gorilla cock. So
don't go telling me that it's great because there's all these packages but then
only 100 of them are actually useful. Because if you compare that set to what's
available on a real desktop OS, it's just pathetic.

**Please don't switch the Chromium PPA builds to 64bit on Ubuntu AMD64**

The Chromium project recently made some noise about going 64 bit. I'm pretty
sure that the Chromium PPA folks are going to switch to the x64 build for Ubuntu
x64 as soon as they can.

Can I jus remind you that the Flash plugin for 64 bit is still alpha? and still
crashes all the fucking time?

The greatest thing about the Chromium PPA is that its 32*bit*! I can actually
use a stable flash build (though there are other issues), and it kinda mostly
works. I can't say that for 64bit firefox and 64bit flash.

A lot of people have been using 32bit stuff for a long time. And especially in
open source, that's the only way you know that something has a chance in hell of
working.

Oh and BTW. Did anyone notice that Snow Leopard implemented browser plugins in
separate processes? They pretty much made nspluginwrapper. Except it works,
apparently.

So let's take stock. Yes, nspluginwrapper has been around for a long time. It's
kind of a good idea and kinda works. Then Apple folks decided to do it, and it
was done.

Sadly, so typical. The freetard line about, "oh open source is so flexible, it
often implements new things first". Well you know what? When an idea is actually
good, commercial companies still seem to be able to better implement these new
things in less overall time.

Anyways, I think I've got a few more suggestions, but they'll have to wait.
