---
geometry: margin=2cm
linestretch: 1.25
header-includes:
    - \usepackage{setspace}
    - \usepackage{lineno}
    - \usepackage{lscape}
    - \hypersetup{colorlinks=true,
            urlcolor=orange,
            allbordercolors={0 0 0},
            pdfborderstyle={/S/U/W 1}}
---
## November
### Bad karma

[//p126]: # (https://web.archive.org/web/20151026225458/http://linuxhaters.blogspot.com/2009/11/bad-karma.html)

*Posted Friday, November 20, 2009 @ 3:38 PM. 6919 FLAMES*

Lets see, it's been almost 18 months since I originally posted [Evolution of an
Ubuntu user][257], but looks like they still haven't got their fucking act
together.

[257]: http://linuxhaters.blogspot.com/2008/06/evolution-of-ubuntu-user.html

I know a lot of you freetards out there dream of jobs where you can work on
Linux, write code for Linux, and pen flowery blog posts that make it up on
hacker news, but let me tell you, unless you're one of the few who are hired by
Redhat to contribute nothing to their bottom line and instead work on their
playground sand castle known as Fedora, it's going to suck.

So anyways, I had the awesome opportunity to upgrade to Karmic. Cuz I know, like
shuttleman says, every Ubuntu release is the best fucking Ubuntu release ever.

Problem #1? Using update-manager to upgrade Ubuntu from behind the firewall is
ass-slow. Yep, you guessed it. They try to do something that doesn't respect
http\_proxy and has to time-out before progressing. What year is this? really
guys? Just because Ubuntards work out of their basement, doesn't excuse you from
not supporting one of the most common practices in company network environments.
I mean, it took us like five years to get you to add that damn option in the
installer so that it didn't choke on a fat dick trying to the apt repositories.
Now this. Amateur.

And while on the subject of proxies, it looks like your new shiny empathy client
doesn't support proxies. Yep, there's a [bug][258] for that. Yep that's some
empathy right therr. Obviously you totally understand your users get their shit
done. Otherwise you wouldn't change my default chat app that fails to download
my contact list, even from a server that's behind the proxy.

[258]: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/empathy/+bug/304889

Problem #2? Wee! Something about my xconfig borked during an upgrade. And now I
get a fucking strobe light prompt. I know you want to always give me a challenge
to get a reasonable display, but do you actually have to try to damage my
eyesight? What the fuck happened to bullet proof X? oh, right maybe that was
only for intrepid, because, you know why add a useful feature if you're just
going to keep it around for every subsequent release and not rewrite it?

Problem #3? Google reader on firefox is crazy slow. I mean, ff3.5 on jaunty
worked just fine. But it's ok, nobody uses google reader. Yep, there's a
[bug][259] for that, too, with a bunch of awesome Ubuntu contributors saying "me
too!" "me too!" OMFG this bug is going to get fixed if we all keep saying me
too! How many users does it take to fix a bug? None, you dipshit. You need a dev
that gives a fuck.

[259]: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/firefox-3.5/+bug/444449

Problem #4? I'm sure pulseaudio has something to do with this, but the volume on
my computer appears to have exactly 3 notches between <span
style="font-size:x-small">quiet</span> and <span style="font-size:x-large">SUPER
FUCKING TRIPLE SONIC BOOM YOU WIN!</span> Ubuntu -- damaging your senses, one
sense at a time. Maybe Linux is totally awesome if you're blind and deaf, and
you just connect a serial console to your ass.

Oh, and in case you were wondering, there's a [bug][260] for that. Filed in
March 2008!

[260]: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/204898

Ok fine, I'm totally going to schedule three work days to upgrade when Lactating
Leper comes out. If only there was some calendaring app that I could use to
remind me.. because as far as I can see, Evolution is actually devolving. Come
on Novell! just a little more. You've almost killed it! Only a few more smacks!

