---
geometry: margin=2cm
linestretch: 1.25
header-includes:
    - \usepackage{setspace}
    - \usepackage{lineno}
    - \usepackage{lscape}
    - \hypersetup{colorlinks=true,
            urlcolor=orange,
            allbordercolors={0 0 0},
            pdfborderstyle={/S/U/W 1}}
---
# 2010
## January
### BM's

[//p127]: # (https://web.archive.org/web/20160826074459/http://linuxhaters.blogspot.com/2010/01/bms.html)

*Posted Friday, January 29, 2010 @ 11:42 AM. 5000 FLAMES*

Well, it looks like there's at least one business model out there that kinda
works for companies shipping open source software: be some search engine's
bitch.

Mozilla is Google's bitch. And now Ubuntu is Yahoo's bitch. Maybe Novell will be
Bing's bitch?

I gotta better idea for you Ubuntu. Why don't you take your awesome hardware
auto detection capabilities, and make it such that every time you install, you
hit a server, which in turn causes an instant live auction between bing, google,
and yahoo, who will bid money to make their search engine the default for that
install.

I'm warning all you freetards. Some day, Ubuntu's installer is going to ask you
if you want to install the google/yahoo/bing toolbar. And it will be present on
every single window. Even your panel, and your xterm. Every shell command that
you mistype will result in a google search. Then canonical can make ass loads of
money and give you a crappy desktop system for free. It's going to be awesome.
And some search engine will get like a hundred new people visiting their site.

BTW, it's amazing how desparate Yahoo looks at this point. A me-too search
engine in bed with a me-too operating system. That's some nice thought
leadership there Yahoo. Because you know, Google's all going to be like, we need
to find some other distro that we can sponsor. Wait, what? They're building
their own distro? It's going to ship on supported hardware and be somewhat
usable? And it's based on Linux? ha ha ha. That's bullshit. Everybody knows that
open source products won't succeed unless they have the support of the FSF. The
FSF knows that the people want. Please. Stop your nonsense.

Some other notes for yahoo:

\- These are Linux users. They are too cheap to click on your ads.

\- These are freetards. They think it's cool to use adblock and pirate music.

So yea, uh, have fun trying to actually generate revenue from them.
