---
geometry: margin=2cm
linestretch: 1.25
header-includes:
    - \usepackage{setspace}
    - \usepackage{lineno}
    - \usepackage{lscape}
    - \hypersetup{colorlinks=true,
            urlcolor=orange,
            allbordercolors={0 0 0},
            pdfborderstyle={/S/U/W 1}}
---
## April
### A year later

[//p130]: # (https://web.archive.org/web/20160305190535/http://linuxhaters.blogspot.com/2010/04/year-later.html)

*Posted Tuesday, April 27, 2010 @ 7:52 PM. 5000 FLAMES*

Woah, Lundude is [at it again][263].

[263]: http://lunduke.com/?p=1075

Don't worry, it's mostly the same stuff. Linux Desktop sucks. It still sucks.
Even a year later. When it's sucked for the last N years, why do you think N+1
will make it so much better? But I'm sooooo sure that there's just a business
plan hiding under there somewhere, and I'm the only person to think this hard
about it..

The rest of us know that if there were a business model that made sense and
could be presented in a 45 minute slide-deck in some classroom, then someone
would have done it already.

But I had some other funny thoughts:

The big players in the linux desktop are the distributions. They distribute
stuff. They're somewhat ok at distributing their own stuff. But they're
supremely awesome at making it hard for third parties to distribute their stuff.
It's the distributions (and more precisely, the fact that there are so many of
them) that make the actual distributing hard. Go figure.

Another thing. Why are y'all \_still\_ focused on random niche desktop thick
client apps. Linux's problem is not a lack of thick client apps. Hardly anyone
uses them, other than Office. And besides, that problem is solved. Distributing
thick client apps to generic PC hardware is MS's turf. You wouldn't try to take
on Google's search advertising business with a rag tag group of volunteers would
you? So why the fuck would you go after MS's bread and butter? You win by
solving the problem in a new better way, not making the problem worse in a
shittier way.

Besides, the desktop is dying. Web apps are taking over. And it so happens that
Linux is in a pretty good place to be an awesome web terminal. Even Google
thinks so. But it still takes a google to herd enough people together to produce
something like ChromeOS. Y'all could have probably put something like that
together in as much time, if you could only focus and stop chasing after
Microsoft's sinking boat.

Y'all bitch an complain that nobody writes apps for Linux. Boo hoo. Hardly
anyone writes apps for windows either these days. They all write for the web.
You got your fucking level playing field that you've been bitching about for
years. But I'm sure it's still going to take some eeeevil corporation with a
giant clue stick to show y'all how it's done.
