---
geometry: margin=2cm
linestretch: 1.25
header-includes:
    - \usepackage{setspace}
    - \usepackage{lineno}
    - \usepackage{lscape}
    - \hypersetup{colorlinks=true,
            urlcolor=orange,
            allbordercolors={0 0 0},
            pdfborderstyle={/S/U/W 1}}
---
## February
### They took our codes!

[//p128]: # (https://web.archive.org/web/20160306135943/http://linuxhaters.blogspot.com/2010/02/they-took-our-codes.html)

*Posted Wednesday, February 3, 2010 @ 12:16 PM. 5000 FLAMES*

Huh. GregKH is [complaining][261]. Again. Big suprise.

[261]: http://www.kroah.com/log/linux/android-kernel-problems.html

Short story: Google uses Linux to create Android. Google makes some kernel
modifications, in their own tree. Google has no time to deal with kernel
community to re-architect their stuff so that it can go mainstream. GregKH
whines like a baby.

Dude, get a clue. Seriously.

You can go on and continue to waste keynotes at conferences (yea, I'm sure the
the organizers are super happy about that) to complain about people "stealing"
your code. Waaa Waaa. Someone took my hippy license and took my code and isn't
giving it back. Waaa.

Hello? Did someone not realize that Google is basically all about stealing Linux
and "forking" it? Do you think that google server that you're hitting is really
running bleeding edge Linux 2.6.35RC62? No, they're probably running some 2 year
old kernel with their own patches, because they want to insulate themselves from
upstream idiocy. They're not going to give you those patches, and even if they
did, they probably couldn't because of upstream churn.

When it comes to Android, Google has done what the license asks. Make all the
modifications public. If you and your rag-tag bunch of kernel developers want
\_their\_ HOT new shit, the suck it up and bring the code in. It looks like
they've even produced patches and sent you reviews. Don't like what they got?
well, they're already doing more than what's required, so stop complaining.

You see, they've got this product to ship. And they've also got this competitor
called Apple. You may have heard of them. So, yea, they \_could\_ sit their
rearchitecting their interfaces so that some kernel dev which they don't pay and
don't give shit about can feel like he's important... and watch Apple eat their
lunch.

Or they could say fuck you guys. We're the one that's actually building
something here. We'll get around to it, maybe, after we win.

Seriously, has this guy shipped real software before? And before someone gives
the obvious answer, shipping upstream kernel releases does not count as
"shipping" or "real". Just go look at the redhat kernel to see why that's the
case.

Also, why go after google? There are tons of folks that do the same shit.
They're just not as big. By doing so, you just look opportunistic and
self-centered. Me me me me me me.

PS. I was thinking, maybe he should change the "staging" tree to the "hostage"
tree. I mean, that's basically what it's used for.
